What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	git init
		can be used ton initialize a new repository. When you run this command a .git file is automatically created

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
	staging area allows us to move and group files into a single repository whereas the working directory may contain additional files as well

	git add 	allows adding files into the staging area that you can later
				commit as a single repository
	git status	allows viewing status of our repository
				for example what files are being tracked vs. which ones are not
				It also helps identify which files have been moved to staging area vs. which files are still in my working directory(local)
	git commit 	to commit any changes that you have added to the staging area
	git diff 	to see difference between 
	git diff --staged	to see difference between files in staging area and
						the files that have alread been committed
	git reset --hard 	will reset any changes that I have made to the file in
						my working directory. CAUTION: there is no way to undo this command so use it with extreme caution
	

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
	git diff command can be used to track what changes have been made and once one logical change has been made and a file is added to the staging area, git diff --staged can be use to see the difference between the staging are and the repository. This way you can confirm that one logical change from the previously commited version is being added

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
	Branches are helpful when you want to work on a new feature or something different than the main code line. e.g. you want to keep a production-ready code that is fully tested, while still work on a new feature. By creating a branch, you can continue to offer the production ready code to others while you work on the new feature. Similarly, if you were collaborating with someone where you were working on one feature, while they were working on the other, you both can be on two different branches and can merge these branches together when done. 

	git branch 		shows branch strucutre and which branch is currently
					checked out (* for the checked out branch)
	git branch branch-name	
					would create a new branch with branch-name
	git checkout branch-name
					to checkout branch-name
					Alternatively, follwoing command will serve the purpose of above two commands
	git checkout -b branch-name
					where -b tells that we want to create a branch with branch-name and want to check that branch out
	git log --graph --oneline master branch-name
					to view branch diagram of master and branch-name

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
	git merge master branch-name
					will merge branch_name to the last version of master
					before running the merge command, make sure master is the branch that is currently checked out by using git branch command, which will have (*) preceding the branch that is currently checked out
	git branch -d branch-name
					will delete the branch label branch-name
					Note that this will not delete the branch commits, just the branch label. Commits for branch-label will still be available under log
	git show branch-name 		
					once two branches are merged, if one were to do a diff on
					master and branch-name (assuming branch-name was merged onto master) it may show a lot of changes. This could be that branch-name has several commits after it was branched off from master. If you want to see just the changes of branch-name to its parent, simply running git show branch-name will show the changes made to branch-name compared to its parent


What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?